Carroll was convicted in 2004 for
the murders of 14 young women...
We need you in Virginia. Ryan.
RYAN: I'm not an agent anymore.
You caught Carroll. No
one knows him like you do.
- What's my sequel about. Joe? CARROLL:
We're going to write this together...
even though you
slept with my wife.
I have so many
surprises waiting for you.
- Agent Parker's taking the lead.
- Cults. My specialty.
We know about the cult...
gay neighbors and the nanny.
How do they figure
into your new plot?
- Why is my dad such a bad man?
- Maybe he's not so bad.
I need the phone. Where is it?
They found a signal in upstate
New York. Dutchess County.
- We're gonna find Joey.
- I know you will.
- Guys. this is Megan.
- You were going to deal with this.
Paul brought her here.
- Jacob's never killed.
You should do it. Jacob.
Since you never have.
Get out of here. go!
She's getting away!
We both love him. Paul.
Emma? I'm sorry.
We're not giving up on you.
You okay?
- Where are you going?
- Bathroom.
Are you freaking out?
No. I'm fine. I
just have to pee.
Jacob's freaking out. isn't he?
Well. he wasn't last night.
That was fun.
Off the charts.
I'm hungry.
You hungry?
Starved.
All right.
Hello. JOEY: Mom?
Joey?
Honey? Where are you?
I wanna go home.
Why can't I come home?
Um. just tell me where
you are. I'll come get you.
Somewhere in the country.
Why'd you make
Denise bring me here?
Where in the country are you?
I don't know.
it's a big house...
- like a farm.
- Keep him talking.
What color is the house. Joey?
It's white with
black shutters...
and it's really big.
with an upstairs.
And it's far from the street and
they won't let me leave the yard.
Is Denise still
with you right now?
Yeah. And Paul and Jacob.
I don't really like Paul.
Why? Why. baby? Did he hurt you?
No. but he's mean.
Do they know
you're talking to me?
No way. They'd kill me if
they knew I was on the phone.
You don't have to worry
because I'm gonna come get you.
Okay. Tell Denise
to bring me home.
- Okay? Aah! PAUL: What
the hell are you doing?
Joey? Joey?
Joey!
Mike. what do you got?
Cell phone Joey used was scrambled
with an algorithm. like Maggie Schuller's.
- You worked past it.
- Not exactly.
Joey hung up. the phone switched to wi-fi.
pinged a signal in Baton Rouge. Louisiana.
You said Dutchess County.
It was. Opening the files triggered
a virus. I can't be sure of anything.
Hey. isn't that Joe
Carroll's attorney?
Thought he represented himself.
- At trial.
Olivia Warren handled his
appeals. What's she doing here?
Oh. no. We gotta shut
this down. Send her away.
No reason she needs
to meet with Joe today.
We can't. He has a right
to speak to his attorney.
He knows we're close to finding
Joey. he's planning something.
- We've got to get to Dutchess County now.
- Not until we confirm the location.
Gonna take a couple hours...
- to work through this mess.
- Hurry.
Whatever you have
to do. Mike. just hurry.
Why can't I go home?
Mom said she was
gonna come get me.
Honey. I told you.
Your mom's worried that
you might be in danger.
She acted like she didn't know where I
was. She was scared and asking questions.
There are things you don't know.
Like what? I know about my
dad. I know he's a bad man.
What if I told you that
your dad wasn't a bad man?
Then why was he in prison? And
why are the police looking for him?
It's complicated. Joey. and
really hard to understand.
But the police are the bad men.
- Policemen are good.
- Not always.
They are lying about your dad.
That's why your
mom sent us here.
To hide from them. To make
sure nothing happens to you.
Hey.
Hey. cupcake. Gonna wake up?
Wake up.
That's not so bad.
Please.
I wanna go home.
You're not going home. Megan.
Never again.
I think we've established that. A
little acceptance might go a long way.
It won't be long now.
I promise.
Hey. where's Emma?
- She's upstairs talking to Joey.
- Hmm.
Well. it was an untraceable
satellite phone. so we're safe.
What if he told his
mom where we are?
He has no idea where he is. I've
been thinking about little Megan.
I don't think you should go with
the big blade. It is your first time...
and it's likely for your
stabs to be tentative.
I think it's better for you to go
with something thin and sharp...
like this. Has more impact.
All right. you can do this.
I know you can.
What's your problem?
I'm not gay. all right?
Last night was great.
No. it wasn't.
- You could have fooled me.
- Look...
I can't be what you
want me to be. Paul.
I can't.
It's just not who I am.
Why do you always
have to label everything?
Last night was exactly
what it was supposed to be.
For the first time. you. me
and Emma were really together.
No lies. no secrets.
It felt right.
There's only one
thing missing now.
Will you just do it for me?
No more lies. Jacob.
This is about trust now.
Emma and I believe
in you. You can do this.
Olivia. Come on in.
Oh. please. Do sit down.
Why am I here?
I require legal counsel.
My first thought was of you.
There's nothing I can
do for you. Mr. Carroll.
Legally or otherwise.
Now. we both
know that isn't true.
You owe me a few favors.
I'm sorry we lost the appeal.
Then file another one.
I think it's time you considered
another firm. Mr. Carroll.
Perhaps the ACLU...
You've garnered a great deal of
attention while representing me.
It's helped your career.
I want you. Olivia.
There's nothing more for us
to gain. Mr. Carroll. I am sorry.
Goodbye and good luck.
Ryan Hardy has more than
surprised with his get-up-and-go.
So I need to move things
along slightly faster...
than I had originally planned.
I don't follow.
I need to know everything
that's happening behind that door.
Both in the media
and within the FBI.
You still have your contacts?
Yes?
- Yes.
- Good.
Then let's get started.
You are about to have
a very busy day. Olivia.
Good morning. My
name is Olivia Warren.
I have been retained
to represent Joe Carroll.
- What's going on?
- Joe Carroll press conference.
- Told you he's up to something.
- In light of speculation...
about an alleged cult
following of Mr. Carroll...
he has asked me to read
the following statement:
"He had come like a thief in
the night. And one by one...
dropped the revelers in the
blood-bedewed halls of their revel...
and died each in the
despairing posture of his fall."
- It's Poe.
- "The Masque of the Red Death."
"And the life of the ebony clock
went out with that of the last of the gay.
And the flames of
the tripods expired.
And Darkness and
Decay and the Red Death...
held illimitable
dominion over all."
Hello.
It's time.
That concludes Mr. Carroll's
statement. Thank you for coming.
- The Poe story...
- It's a mysterious stranger...
moving from room to room.
killing people like a plague.
Carroll's behind bars. A cult
needs to hear from its leader.
A directive couched in
poetic verse makes it special.
- Encoded message. Triggering someone.
- Narrowing down a location.
You got it right the first
time. it's Dutchess County.
They're scrambling you
with this virus. We gotta move.
A helicopter will take you
to the nearest landing strip.
Local P.D. will assist. Albany
field office is on standby.
You will stay in contact
with me at all times.
You understand?
Agent Weston. that
was for your benefit.
Yes. ma'am.
Sign here.
Do you solemnly swear
to uphold the Constitution...
et cetera. et cetera?
I do. PARKER: Good.
You're deputized.
How will you find him
without a specific location?
We know the county.
description of the house.
Gonna use local cops. Go
door to door if necessary.
- I wanna go with you.
- It's better that you stay.
In case Joey tries
to contact you again.
Chopper's ready. We need to go.
I know. the way I left things
with us. all those years ago...
- I wasn't fair to you.
- Ryan. it's okay.
There's so much I want to
say. I know now isn't the time.
I really need to
bring Joey home.
And then I want us to talk.
Just be careful.
Maybe Jacob's right.
It's time to call Roderick.
I already called
Roderick. Left a message.
- He'll tell us what to do.
- What's up with the kid?
I handled it like I always do.
With a hug? That
kid needs a smacking.
Don't even think about it.
He's a kid. He wants his mother.
He's not dumb. He's gonna
know we're lying to him eventually.
Joey's fine.
How's Jacob?
He's still down there.
I'm giving him some time.
And a little space.
Are you in charge?
- I'm Olivia Warren. I represent...
- I know who you are.
I need to speak to
Claire Matthews. Alone.
What do you want?
You'll be very interested
in what I have to say.
I saw your press conference.
What was that about?
That's not why I'm here.
But Joe did ask me
to deliver a message.
If you want to see Joey...
be at the corner of Broad and
26th Street at 3 p.m. this afternoon.
Come alone. And tell no one.
I don't understand.
The FBI said...
Whatever the FBI has
told you is incorrect.
According to your ex-husband.
the only way you'll see your son...
is if you follow
these instructions.
It's your decision.
Hey! Let's take that one.
The county is 82 5
square miles total...
but we believe Joey's
call came from this cluster.
Those cell towers serve
nearly half the county.
We're looking for a two-story white
farmhouse. set back from the road.
I can double check. but
that's about 150 properties.
Rough terrain. 50
miles of rural farmland.
You okay?
You can't do it. can you?
Jacob. Jacob. wait.
Joey? I have lunch.
Joey?
Hey. where are you?
Try and stop beating
yourself up. all right?
Would you just stop it?
I'm just trying to be a friend.
- Really? With all this touchy-feely crap?
- Joey's gone.
He's not in there.
- You were supposed to talk to him.
- I did. he's scared.
Gonna check the
woods. there's a trail.
Yeah. let's split up.
We'll cover more ground.
You all right?
Yeah. me too. All right. bye.
- Um. I'm gonna go out for a little while.
- Excuse me?
I've been cooped up
in this house for days.
I just want to meet
a friend for lunch.
- I don't think that's a good idea.
- Regardless. I'm going.
You can't keep me trapped.
- I'll have to insist we accompany you.
- Whatever you have to do.
Turner. TURNER:
Joe Carroll's lawyer...
just showed up to
see Ms. Matthews.
I don't know what they said.
but now she wants to leave.
Says she's going to lunch.
Go. Don't let her
out of your sight.
I'm on it.
Is it true?
Joe Carroll has a
cult of serial killers?
We don't know the
extent. but yeah.
- Chief. you recognize this guy?
- Maybe.
Ava. the missing girl
case in Rhinebeck...
- could that be the guy...?
- I'll pull up the footage.
A local girl. Megan Leeds. went
missing after her shift at a grocery store.
We've got surveillance
footage from that night.
Last time anyone saw
her. she was with this guy.
- It's hard to see a face.
- Mm.
May I?
Just wanna route this
through the FBI server.
- Advanced technology.
- Ha. ha. I bet.
Hardy.
Paul Torres.
There's 20 farms matching the description
within a 25-mile radius of the store.
- Most to the north. we should start there.
- Sounds like a plan.
You and Weston start
there. I'll take Officer Lopez...
hit the south.
cover more ground.
Hon?
Uh. this little man needs to
borrow the phone to call his mom.
Are you Joey Matthews?
Yeah. How do you know that?
You were on the television.
- The police are looking for you.
- They want to hurt me.
Hurt you? The police? Who
would tell you such a thing?
Joey? Joey!
You scared me. I was
so worried about you.
Come on. let's go home.
I'm sorry. and you are?
Denise. I'm Joey's nanny.
I'm glad you found him. It's so
easy to get lost in these woods.
The boy wanted to call his mother.
We were gonna let him use our phone.
That's not necessary. We
have a phone at the house.
- You can call your mom from there.
- I can?
Of course. silly.
Sorry to bother you. Come on.
They said they saw me on TV.
You shouldn't have run
off. I was worried sick.
You said I could call my
mom. Did you mean it?
Sure. You can call
her whenever you want.
You found him. Where were
you? You had us worried.
I didn't find him.
Some friendly
neighbors back there did.
They told Joey
they saw him on TV.
They did. huh? Huh.
Shoot. I forgot to thank
them for helping out.
Do you mind?
Sure. I'm great at thank yous.
Come on. let's go.
- It was that boy from the news.
- Tell them to hurry. Clark.
I wouldn't do that.
We've covered about 40
square miles of the county.
Looks like four more farms in the area.
- Officer Lopez. this is dispatch.
This is Lopez. Go ahead.
Just got a call from that
Sullivan house on Route 9.
They saw that boy
everyone's looking for.
- How fast can you get there?
- It's a couple miles.
Dispatch. we're en route now.
- Can I dial?
- Eager beaver.
- You wanna call her now?
- You said I could.
I'll get the phone. You're
not going anywhere. right?
I promise.
Jacob?
Paul?
- Who are you?
- Roderick sent me.
We need to go. Now.
- Lisa.
- Hey.
- Thank you so much for meeting me.
- Of course.
I've been so worried about you.
Oh. yeah. just ignore the
FBI men. They insisted.
Oh.
Everyone should have an
entourage. It's so good to see you.
- I called and I left some messages...
- It's just been such a nightmare.
Um. let's order.
- Order.
- Okay.
Anybody here?
Not sure. They're not
answering their phone.
Police department!
Let me check the back.
Clark?
Nora? Anyone home?
Oh. my God.
Call it in.
Hey.
It's okay. Call it in.
Dispatch. this is Officer
Lopez. MAN Dispatch. go ahead.
They were just here.
- We have a 10-55...
- Follow me.
At the Sullivan house.
They're on foot.
How close is the next farm?
About a half-mile
through those woods.
- That's it. White house. black shutters.
- You sure?
We're at the farmhouse. about a
half a mile west of the Sullivan house.
- Pursuing suspects.
- That's them.
Hey. where are you?
About a half a mile west of the
house where we found the dead couple.
I've ID'd Jacob Wells. Paul Torres.
We're gonna need some backup here.
Consider it done. Wait for it.
We're gonna get
closer and stabilize.
You notify me when you're here.
Hey. You up for this?
Yeah.
All right. We're gonna
get closer to the house.
Try to get a better look. Okay?
Okay.
Emma. whose car
is that out there?
Jacob. Paul. this is
Hank. Roderick sent him.
We need to get out of here.
guys. You have 10 minutes.
Pack light. I don't
have a lot of room.
So Roderick came through.
- Where's Joey?
- In his bedroom.
Let's get packed
up. I'll get him last.
Do these three have any connection
to Dutchess County? Any family?
I just heard from Agent Weston.
They found the farmhouse.
I want every available
agent. SWAT and tactical.
Alert ATF. set up mobile
command at the area.
Notify air transport.
Then call the Albany and New Haven field
offices and pull men from Poughkeepsie.
Tell them I'm on my way.
- Got it.
I'm so happy we did this.
- Me too.
It's really good to
get out of the house.
Um. why don't you order
me a double espresso?
I'm gonna be right back.
Just going to the
little girl's room.
No. I'll go.
I'm gonna go around back
and see what I can see.
I'll get to the barn. Better sight
line to the front of the house.
I'll meet you there.
Eyes up.
It's me. Do you have the mother?
She's late.
Give her more time. I'll call
you as soon as I'm on the road.
Mr. Hardy?
Stop.
- Put your hands where I can see them.
- Is something wrong. officer?
- Who are you?
- What's going on. officer?
- I said raise your hands up.
- Look...
- Don't come any closer.
- I'm sorry. officer.
I'm just a little nervous
with that gun in my face.
- Stop it!
- I am sorry. officer...
Keep your hands up! I need
you to keep your hands up!
Don't move!
Did you guys hear that?
Where'd he go? EMMA: Hank?
Oh. man. this is not good.
He can't be far. Look
around. We'll find him.
- I'm good.
- No. listen to me.
Easy. Stay on the ground.
All available units.
Officer down. Officer down.
Farmhouse just west of Route 9.
We need to knock them off
one by one. it's our best option.
No. no. no. Wait.
wait. Listen to me.
I need to you take this. I need
you to hold it right here. okay?
Right there. Help
is on the way. okay?
Help is coming. just hold on.
Hold on. hold on.
Hold on. hold on. hol...
Ryan?
Ryan? Hey. Ryan?
It's too late.
He's gone.
Damn it.
All right. hang tight.
We're a few minutes out.
I'm going in.
Hey!
Open the door!
Let me out! Open the door!
- You asked for an update.
- Mm-hm.
The FBI located the farmhouse
where they're holding your son.
- Do they have him?
- No. not yet.
I've also delivered your
message to the press.
And? How did it go?
Besides my appearing
like a raving mad woman...
it was heard by everyone. Local
and national news picked it up.
My story has caused
quite the sensation?
The FBI has done a good job at
minimizing the details but yes...
the press has been considerable.
And Claire?
I delivered the message to her
as well. I haven't heard anything.
Well. when you do. I'll
need another update.
You have been very
helpful today. Thank you.
What have I done. Joe?
The poem I read. I triggered something.
You sent a message to someone.
What am I a part of?
I'm surprised at you. Olivia.
I chose you precisely for your
ambition and lack of conscience.
I won't be your messenger.
The role of the messenger
is somewhat preferable...
to that of recipient.
I'm sure you'd agree.
You must be Hank
Flynn. Please. come in.
- Thank you for seeing me after hours.
- Of course.
What can I do for you?
- Joe Carroll asked me to see you.
- Excuse me?
- About what?
- He wanted me to give you a message.
Please...
do not bring me
into this any further.
We're just getting started.
I have so much more
work for you to do.
Did you bring pen and paper?
You're going to need to write this down.
Snap. snap. Miss Warren.
Hmm.
- Get in.
- And go where?
If you want to see Joey. get
in now. I won't say it again.
Damn it.
He's dead.
Local cop. Think he's alone?
- Megan? Shh. Shh.
- Aah!
I'm Ryan Hardy with the FBI.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
But I need you
to be quiet. okay?
How many are up there?
I've seen three.
They're gonna kill me.
They're crazy. You have to
get me out of here right now.
Shh. Shh. Shh.
Is there a boy upstairs?
I don't know. Get
me out of here.
I will be right
back. I promise you.
Hey. Joey. Remember me?
I'm a friend of your mom's.
She sent me to come take you.
Do not move.